# Java

## Java Imports

1. Use an analogy to explain Built-In packages. Give examples.
- I look at the built-in packages as the tools in my garage, there several of them that do different things and their purpose will be utilized at some point.

2. Explain the steps for creating a new package in IntelliJ.
- Right-click on the source folder.
- Go to new and then package.
New package in Intellij IDEA
- A pop-up box will appear where you can enter the package name.
- Once the package is created, a similar folder structure will be created on your file system as well. Now, you can create classes, interfaces, and so on inside the package.
 

## Different types of loops in Java

1. Which loop types use a loop counter?
- ***For*** Loops

2. Explain the difference between While and Do-While loops.
-  in the while loop the condition is checked prior to executing any statements whereas in the case of do while loop, statements are run at least once, and then the condition is verified.

## Java Arrays

1. Describe 3 built-in methods for Arrays.
- public static int binarySearch(Object[] a, Object key)

Searches the specified array of Object ( Byte, Int , double, etc.) for the specified value using the binary search algorithm. The array must be sorted prior to making this call. This returns index of the search key, if it is contained in the list; otherwise, it returns ( – (insertion point + 1)).

- public static boolean equals(long[] a, long[] a2)

Returns true if the two specified arrays of longs are equal to one another. Two arrays are considered equal if both arrays contain the same number of elements, and all corresponding pairs of elements in the two arrays are equal. This returns true if the two arrays are equal. Same method could be used by all other primitive data types (Byte, short, Int, etc.)

- public static void fill(int[] a, int val)

Assigns the specified int value to each element of the specified array of ints. The same method could be used by all other primitive data types (Byte, short, Int, etc.)

2. How is the size of an array determined in Java?
- utilizing the length property. 


## Things I want to know more about