# HTML Tables and JS Constructor Functions

## Domain Modeling
- is the process of creating a conceptual model in code for a specific problem.
- model describes the various entities, their attributes and behaviors, as well as the constraints that govern the problem domain. 

## HTML Table Basics
- Structured set of data made up of rows and columns.
- Allows you to quickly and easily look up values that indicate some kind of connection between different types of data.
- Can be styled via css and other stylesheets
**EX: <table></table>**
- adding headers into table via **<th>** element 
- Style column via 
<colgroup>
  <col style="background-color: blue" span="2">
</colgroup>

##  JavaScript Object Basics 
- An object is a collection of related data and/or functionality
- Usually consist of several variables.
**Dot Notation**
- How to access the object's properties and methods.
- The object name (person) acts as the ***namespace*** - it must be entered first to access anything inside the object.
**EX:** 
person.age;
person.name.first;

**Bracket Notation**
- Provides an alternative way to access object properties.
**EX:**
person["age"];
person["name"]["first"];

***"this"*** - refers to the current object the code is being written inside of.

## Object Prototypes
- objects are foundational to almost every aspect of the JavaScript programming language.
- ***Object.create - allows you to create an object which will delegate to another object on failed lookups.***
 **prototype - every function in JavaScript has a prototype property that references an object.**


## Things I want to know more about.