# Putting it all together

## Thinking in React

- What is the single responsibility principle and how does it apply to components?
**A technique on for deciding if you should create a new function or object. It applies to a component should ideally only do one thing. If it ends up growing, it should be decomposed into smaller subcomponents.**

- What does it mean to build a ‘static’ version of your application? 
**This is a basic version of your website with no javascript interactivity.(renders data model)**

- Once you have a static application, what do you need to add?
**components and props**

- What are the three questions you can ask to determine if something is state?
**Does it remain unchanged over time?** If so, it isn’t state.
**Is it passed in from a parent via props?** If so, it isn’t state.
**Can you compute it based on existing state or props in your component?** If so, it definitely isn’t state!

- How can you identify where state needs to live?
1. Often, you can put the state directly into their common parent.
2. You can also put the state into some component above their common parent.
3. If you can’t find a component where it makes sense to own the state, create a new component solely for holding the state and add it somewhere in the hierarchy above the common parent component.


## Higher-Order Functions

- What is a “higher-order function”?
**This is a functioon that does at least one of the following: one or more functions as arguments and/or returns a function as it results.**
***Higher-order functions allow us to abstract over actions, not just values.***

- Explore the greaterThan function as defined in the reading. In your own words, what is line 2 of this function doing?
This is a function that returns m if m is greater than n.

- Explain how either map or reduce operates, with regards to higher-order functions.
1. The map method transforms an array by applying a function to all of its elements and building a new array from the returned values.
2. ***Reduce*** also call ***fold*** builds a value by repeatedly taking a single element from the array and combining it with the current value.  



## Things I want to know more about