# REST

## REST Explained

- Who is Roy Fielding?
**He helped write the first web servers, that sent documents across the internet… and then he did a ton of research explaining why the web works the way it does. His name is on the specification for the protocol that is used to get pages from servers to your browser**

- Why don’t the techniques that we use in this class work well when we need to be able to talk to all of the machines in the world?
**Because they weren't designed to be used like that. When Fielding and his colleagues started building the web, being able to talk to any machine anywhere in the world was a primary concern.**

- What is the HTTP protocol that Fielding and his friends created?
**The first web servers, that sent documents across the internet**
1. They were all about applying verbs to nouns, when you go to a web page, the browser does an HTTP GET on the URL you typed in and back comes a web page.

- What does a GET do?
HTTP is used to go out on the web and "GET" things via URL. 

- What does a POST do?
To add something to another system, it would use an HTTP verb of POST.

- What does PUT do?
Replacing something in another system, it uses an HTTP verb of PUT.

- What does PATCH do?
To do a partial update, it'll hopefully use PATCH.

## Geocoding API
1. Did you get your API key? ***yes***

## Weather Bit API
1. Did you get your API key? ***yes***

## Yelp API Docs
1. Did you get your API key? ***yes***

## The Movie DB API Docs
1. Did you get your API key? ***yes***




## Things I want to know more about