# Passing Functions as Props

## React Docs - Lists and Keys

- What does .map() return? **a new array**

- If I want to loop through an array and display each value in JSX, how do I do that in React? **map()**

- Each list item needs a unique **key**

- What is the purpose of a key? **Keys help React identify which items have changed, are added, or are removed. Keys should be given to the elements inside the array to give the elements a stable identity**

## The Spread Operator

- What is the spread operator? **A useful and quick syntax for adding items to arrays, combinding arrays or objects, and spreading an array out into a function's arguments.**

- List 4 things that the spread operator can do. **Copying an array, Concatenating or combining arrays, Using Math functions, Using an array as arguments, Adding an item to a list, Adding to state in React, Combining objects, Converting NodeList to an array.**

- Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two arrays.

const myArray = [`ðŸ¤ª`,`ðŸ»`,`ðŸŽŒ`]
const yourArray = [`ðŸ™‚`,`ðŸ¤—`,`ðŸ¤©`]
const ourArray = [...myArray,...yourArray]
console.log(...ourArray) // ðŸ¤ª ðŸ» ðŸŽŒ ðŸ™‚ ðŸ¤— ðŸ¤©

- Give an example of using the spread operator to add a new item to an array.

const fewFruit = ['ðŸ','ðŸŠ','ðŸŒ']
const fewMoreFruit = ['ðŸ‰', 'ðŸ', ...fewFruit]
console.log(fewMoreFruit) //  Array(5) [ "ðŸ‰", "ðŸ", "ðŸ", "ðŸŠ", "ðŸŒ" ]

- Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two objects into one.

const objectOne = {hello: "ðŸ¤ª"}
const objectTwo = {world: "ðŸ»"}
const objectThree = {...objectOne, ...objectTwo, laugh: "ðŸ˜‚"}
console.log(objectThree) // Object { hello: "ðŸ¤ª", world: "ðŸ»", laugh: "ðŸ˜‚" }
const objectFour = {...objectOne, ...objectTwo, laugh: () => {console.log("ðŸ˜‚".repeat(5))}}
objectFour.laugh() // ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚

## How to Pass Function Between Components

- In the video, what is the first step that the developer does to pass functions between components?
**created his increment function**

- In your own words, what does the increment function do?
**It's purpose is to allow child component to pass data to parent component.**

- How can you pass a method from a parent component into a child component?
**callback function**

- How does the child component invoke a method that was passed to it from a parent component?
**increment method**


## Things I want to know more about