# MongoDB and Mongoose

## 5 Differences of nosql vs sql

1. SQL databases are primarily called as Relational Databases (RDBMS); whereas NoSQL database are primarily called as non-relational or distributed database.
2. SQL databases are table based databases whereas NoSQL databases are document based, key-value pairs, graph databases or wide-column stores. This means that SQL databases represent data in form of tables which consists of n number of rows of data whereas NoSQL databases are the collection of key-value pair, documents, graph databases or wide-column stores which do not have standard schema definitions which it needs to adhered to.
3. SQL databases have predefined schema whereas NoSQL databases have dynamic schema for unstructured data.
4. SQL databases are vertically scalable whereas the NoSQL databases are horizontally scalable. SQL databases are scaled by increasing the horse-power of the hardware. NoSQL databases are scaled by increasing the databases servers in the pool of resources to reduce the load.
5. SQL databases uses SQL ( structured query language ) for defining and manipulating the data, which is very powerful. In NoSQL database, queries are focused on collection of documents. Sometimes it is also called as UnQL (Unstructured Query Language). The syntax of using UnQL varies from database to database.


## nosql vs sql


- What kind of data is a good fit for an SQL database?
Structured data

- Give a real world example.
Something that follows a model or persistent order.(barcodes and quantity)

- What kind of data is a good fit a NoSQL database? 
Unstructured data

- Give a real world example.
Media and entertainment data

- Which type of database is best for hierarchical data storage?
NoSQL

- Which type of database is best for scalability?
NoSQL

## sql vs nosql Video


- What does SQL stand for?
Structured Query Language

- What is a relational database?
Database to help recognize relations among stored items of info.

- What type of structure does a relational database work with?
Helps structure infomation in tables, rows, and columns.

- What is a ‘schema’?
A list of logical structures of data.

- What is a NoSQL database?
a mechanism for storage and retrieval of data.

- How does it work?
Archieves by relaxing some of the data consistency restrictions of other databases. 

- What is inside of a MongoDB database?
Stores data records as documents, one or more collections of documents.

- Which is more flexible - SQL or MongoDB? and why.
MongoDB is more flexible, ensures high and diverse data availability.

- What is the disadvantage of a NoSQL database?
It does not support ACID (atomicity, consistency, isolation and durability) transactions across multiple documents.

## Things I want to know more about