# CRUD 


## Status Codes Based On REST Methods

- In your own words, describe what each group of status code represents:

1. 100’s = Basically if you have done the task ignore the notification.
2. 200’s = Your request was successful.
3. 300’s = Response can be a number of things.
4. 400’s = Server can not succeed with request.
5. 500’s = Unknown encounter.

- What is a status code 202? Request approved but not performed yet.

- What is a status code 308? Resources has been located.

- What code would you use if an update didn’t return data to a client? 204

- What code would you use if a resource used to exist but no longer does? 409

- What is the ‘Forbidden’ status code? 403

## Build A REST API With Node.js, Express, & MongoDB

- Why do we need to pull our MongoDB database string out of our server and put it into our .env? Because that key is sensitive information.

- What is middleware? Software that lies between an operating system and the applications running on it.

- What does app.use(express.json()) do? Parse the incoming requests with JSON payloads

- What does the /:id mean in a route? Specifies that whatever you put into that position will be passed as the id in the params map.

- What is the difference between PUT and PATCH? PUT handles updates by replacing the entire entity, while PATCH only updates the fields that you give it.

- How do you make a default value in a schema? If you create a new document without that path set.

- What does a 500 error status code mean? The server encountered an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request.

- What is the difference between a status 200 and a status 201? 200: “Everything is OK.” This is the code that is delivered when a web page or resource acts exactly the way it's expected to. 201: “Created.” The server has fulfilled the browser's request, and as a result, has created a new resource.


## Things I want to know more about

