# Functional Programming

## Functional Programming Concepts

- What is functional programming?
Functional programming is a programming paradigm — a style of building the structure and elements of computer programs — that treats computation as the evaluation of mathematical functions and avoids changing-state and mutable data

- What is a pure function and how do we know if something is a pure function?
1. It returns the same result if given the same arguments (it is also referred as deterministic)
2. It does not cause any observable side effects

- What are the benefits of a pure function?
**The code’s definitely easier to test. We don’t need to mock anything. So we can unit test pure functions with different contexts:**

1. Given a parameter A → expect the function to return value B
2. Given a parameter C → expect the function to return value D

- What is immutability?
**Unchanging over time or unable to be changed**
1. its state cannot change after it’s created. If you want to change an immutable object, you can’t. Instead, you create a new object with the new value.

- What is Referential transparency?
**pure functions + immutable data = referential transparency**
1. if a function consistently yields the same result for the same input, it is referentially transparent.

## Modules and require()

- What is a module?
1. JavaScript modules allow you to break up your code into separate files.
2. This makes it easier to maintain a code-base.
3. Modules are imported from external files with the import statement.

- What does the word ‘require’ do?
maily used as module loader.

- How do we bring another module into the file the we are working in?
**require()**

- What do we have to do to make a module available?
**import**






## Things I want to know more about