# Fundamentals of HTML, CSS & JS

## HTML Text Fundamentals
- Semantics tags are used to to describe or define the meaning of the content it contains. We rely on previous and stored information in everyday life.
- There are 6 different heading elements.
- <sup> element is used to represent a superscript and <sub> element is used to represent a subscript. They both give specific meaning. 
- When using the <abbr> element the ***title***  attribute must be added to provide the full expansion of the term.

## CSS
- We can apply CSS to our HTML by using an external style sheet or via internal & inline styling.
- we should avoid using inline styles because this takes the most precedence over anyother styling.

1. h2 is the representing selector
2. The CSS declarations are the curly brackets.
3. the properties is everything in the curly brackets.

## JavaScript 
- A sequence of text enclosed in single quote marks is called a **string**.

## JavaScript operators
- Addition (+)- add numbers or combine two strings.
- Subtraction,Multiplication,Division - follow same rules as in math.
- Assignment (=)- this assigns a value to a variable
- Strict equality (==)- performs a test to see if two values are equal or return a true/false Boolean.
**Real life use of functions can be found with any call fulfilled with a robot**

## Decisions in Code
- An if statement checks a ***if*** and if it evaluates to ***false***, then the code block will execute.
- The use of ***else if*** provides us with two choices, or outcomes.
 **Types of comparison operators**
 - == and !== - test if one value is identical to , or not identical to, another.
 - < and > - test if one value is less than or greater than another.
 - <= and >= - test if one value is less than or equal to, or greater than or equal to, another.
 - && - AND; allows you to chain togethr two or more expressions so that all of them have to individually evaluate to ***true*** for the whole expression to return ***true***.
 - || - OR; allows you to chain together two or more expressions so that one or more of them have to individually evaluate to ***true*** for the whole expression to return ***true***. 



## Things I want to know more about.

