# Short Poem "Computer Conversations"

## HTTP
- HTTP is very unique, HTTP is the language we speak
- HTTP is very unique, we use this when we want our browser and servers to speak
- HTTP is very unique, remember this when its success you seek.

## Computer Conversations
- The HTML provides the skel
- CSS gives you a little class
- JavaScript provides the script
- With all of these your webpage can be well equipt.

## Webpage
- Google images can be used when finding images for a web page.
- Unplash.com as well.
- Once you have the image copy the images URL/address. 

**when creating strings you want to add (='5')**
**when adding a number it just the number (=5)** 

## Variables
- Are essentially stored values.
- Utilizing (let) we can declare that such variable.
- These are important because they allow you to store this value and utilize it later in your functions or webpage.

## HTML
- HTML attribute is are words in the opening tag used to control elements behavior. 
**HTML Element**
- consist of an opening tag followed by the content your expressing, followed by a closing tag.
- <article> is a block of information or content that can stand alone without the rest of the page.
- <section> ia similar to <article> but is a way of grouping things together that are similar in content or functionality.
- Typical websites needs the following elements: <head>, <body>, <header>, <main> and <footer>.

## Metadata
- data that describes data.
- <meta> element is normally placed in the <head>.
- <meta> - 

## Website
- First steps in creating this is a wireframe!
- The most important question is what you want talk about or content.
- We use the element <h1> over the element <span> when we want to give text the large font heading and give the text wraps around role.
- Semantics tags are used to to describe or define the meaning of the content it contains.

## JavaScript
- Asking the user for input and interactions in the browser require javascript.
**You can add javaScript to a HTML document:**
- by using a <script> tag under your <footer> 
- or an external JS sheet for all your javaScript.


## Things I want to know more about


