# Chart.js & Canvas

## JavaScript Canvas
- HTML5 features the canvas element that allows you to draw 2D graphics using JavaScript.
- The canvas element requires at least two attributes: width and height that specify the size of the canvas.
## The 2D context
- The 2D drawing context features methods for drawing simple 2D shapes such as paths, rectangles, and arcs.
- The coordinates in a 2D context begin at the upper-left of the <canvas> element, which is point (0,0) as shown in the following picture:
- All coordinate values are calculated in relation to the (0,0) with x increasing to the right and y increasing to the bottom.
- By default, the width and height determine the number of pixels is available in each direction.

## Fills and strokes
- Fill and stroke are two basic drawing operation on 2D drawing context.
- Fill fills in the shape with a specific style such as color, gradient, and image.
- Stroke adds colors to the edges of the shape.


## Chart.js
- Chart.js provides a set of frequently used chart types, plugins, and customization options. In addition to a reasonable set of built-in chart types, you can use additional community-maintained chart types . On top of that, it’s possible to combine several chart types into a mixed chart (essentially, blending multiple chart types into one on the same canvas).

- Chart.js is highly customizable with custom plugins to create annotations, zoom, or drag-and-drop functionalities to name a few things.

**Canvas rendering**
- Chart.js renders chart elements on an HTML5 canvas unlike several other, mostly D3.js-based, charting libraries that render as SVG. Canvas rendering makes Chart.js very performant, especially for large datasets and complex visualizations that would otherwise require thousands of SVG nodes in the DOM tree. At the same time, canvas rendering disallows CSS styling, so you will have to use built-in options for that, or create a custom plugin or chart type to render everything to your liking



## Things I want to know more about